(As she is leaving) Hey aren’t you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
(Holds out hand) Hey I’m going for a walk. Will you hold this for me?
(She asks you the time) Its two flirty and the date’s with you and me.
(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like
123456789. The only number I don't see here is yours.
8 Planets, 1 Universe, 1.735 billion people, and i end up with you
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her ” I will stop loving you when all the roses die”
A life without you, would be like a computer without an OS.
All the good pick up lines are taken but you aren't.
Am I attracted to you or is it just volatile blood sugars?
Angels should be in heaven. How'd you escape?
Anyone who says Disney is the happiest place on earth has never stood next to you.
Are You Luke? Cause I’m Your Daddy
Are those diamonds real? [YES] I was talking about the ones in your eyes.
Are u a sea lion? Because I want to sea u lion in my bed later!
Are you 90°? Because you’re looking right.
Are you COPD? Because you take my breath away.
Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Are you Franklin D Roosevelt because damn baby you a dime
Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.
Are you Google? You have everything I search for.
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me!
Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me.
Are you WiFi? Because I feel a connection.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you’re acute-y!
Are you a 45-degree angle? Because you're a cutie!
Are you a C-reactive protein? Because you have a-cute phase.
Are you a Disney princess? Cause you’re cinderHella fine!
Are you a Hurricane [name]? Cause you’re blowing me away.
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest
Are you a bank loan? Because you got my interest.
Are you a black hole? Because attraction grows and time distorts the closer i get to you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you I smile.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile!
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a camera? Because whenever I see you I smile.
Are you a charger? Because I'm dying without you.
Are you a coconut? Cos I wanna smash you till the white stuff comes out.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
Are you a door? Because you are adoorable
Are you a keyboard? Because you might just be my type.
Are you a keyboard? Because you’re just my type.
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Are you a loan? 'Cause you've got my interest!
Are you a loan? You've got my interest.
Are you a magician? Because when I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Are you a minecraft fence? cos i can’t get over you
Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got 'fine' written all over you.
Are you a parking ticket? Because you’ve got FINE written all over you.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you!
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Are you a time traveler? Because I can see you in my future.
Are you a time traveler? Cause I see you in my future!
Are you a tower? Because eiffel for you!
Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.
Are you a volcano? Because i lava you
Are you african? because you are a’frican babe
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
Are you an artist? You're really good at drawing me in.
Are you an interior decorator? ‘Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
Are you an omelette? Because you’re getting me eggcited.
Are you an omelette? Because you’re making me eggcited.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
Are you asthma , cuz looking at you is giving me respiratory distress.
Are you australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.
Are you bottom of my laptop? Because you’re hot.
Are you busy tonight at 3:00 A.M.?
Are you cup of coffee? Because you are keeping me up all night.
Are you drinking pepsi ? Because you’re soda-licious.
Are you drowning? Because I’m feeling the urge to give you CPR.
Are you from Iraq? ‘Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Are you from Ireland? ‘Cuz my dick’s-a-Dublin!
Are you from Japan? Cause I’m tryna get in Japanties.
Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re russian my heart rate!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you harembes enclosure? Cause i’ll drop a kid inside of you!
Are you lightning? Because you're McQueen.
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you lost, Ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe!
Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you’re CuTe.
Are you made out of grapes? Because you are fine as wine!
Are you mexican? Because you’re my juan and only!
Are you my appendix? I have a gut feeling I should take you out.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.
Are you my self-esteem? Cause I’ve been looking for you everywhere.
Are you netflix? Because i could watch you for hours.
Are you related to Jean-Claude Van Damme? Because Jean-Claude Van Damme you’re sexy!
Are you related to yoda because yodalicious!
Are you religios? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
Are you sure you’re not a parking ticket? Because you’ve got fine written all over you
Are you sure you’re not an alien because you’ve just abducted my heart!
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
Are you terms and conditions? Cause whatever you say I’ll always agree with you.
Are you the cure for Alzheimer’s? Because you’re unforgettable.
Are you the ocean? Cuz baby I want to swim in you all day
Are you the ocean? cos you’re full of trash.
Are you the square root of -1 because you can’t be real
Are you the sun? Because you’re so beautiful it’s blinding me.
Are you tired? Because you have been running through my mind all day.
Are you wifi? Cause I am feeling connection.
Are your eyes ike? Because i’m lost in them!
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie.
Are your shoelaces tied? I don't want you falling for anyone else.
As she’s leaving….Hey aren’t you forgetting something? She: What? Me!
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
Baby I'm an empty pen, will you be my ink ,to write down my story!??
Baby I’ll treat you like my homework — I’ll slam you on the table and do you all night long
Baby give me the chance to prove you wrong, togetherness is where we belong.
Baby let me be your integral so I can be the area under your curves
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
Baby, every time I see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up
Baby, every time i see you, my cardiovascular system gets all worked up.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call FINE PRINT!
Baby, let me find your nth term.
Baby, you make my floppy disk turn into a hard drive
Baby, you overclock my processor.
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Cadbury outta business.
Baby, you’re a 9.999999999…but you’d be a 10 if you were with me.
Baby, you’re so gneiss I’ll never take you for granite.
Baby, you’re so sweet, you put Hershey’s outta business.
Be my love letter in the era of hashtags.
Be my queen and mate me with your knight moves.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Being with you is like listening to my favorite song.
Blood is red, cyanosis is blue, I get tachycardia when I think of you.
By looking at you I can tell you’re 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
Call me shrek because i’m head ogre heels for you!
Can I be your ophthalmologist ‘cause I can’t stop looking into your eyes.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Can I borrow your phone? I need to call God and tell him that I have found his missing angel.
Can I follow you home? Because my parents told me to follow my dreams.
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I follow you where you're going right now? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams!
Can I follow you where you’re going right now? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I follow you? Cause my mom told me to follow my dreams
Can I follow you? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Can I have directions to your heart.
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
Can I tie your shoes, I don’t want you falling for anybody else.
Can I tie your shoes? I don't want you falling for anybody else.
Can I’ve your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Can i give you a kiss? If you don’t like it, you can return it.
Can you kiss me on the cheek so I can at least say a cute girl kissed me tonight?
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Can you take me to the bakery? Because, I want a Cutiepie like you!
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
Can you tell me how my cum tastes?
Can you touch me? I want to tell my friends I was touched by an Angel.
Charzards are red Squitals are blue if u were a Pokemon i would choose you!
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
Could I touch your belly button…from the inside?
Could you please step away from the bar? You’re melting all the ice!
Damn Girl is your name Wifi ? Because I’m feeling a connection!
Damn Girl, your ass is bigger than my future!
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Damn, I forgot my lipbalm. Can I use your lips?
Did god take the thunder out the skys and put it in your thighs?!
Did it hurt when you fell from the vending machine? Cause you look like a snack!
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Did the sun come out, or did you just smile at me?
Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me!
Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem Wright for me.
Did you invent the airplane? Because you're clearly Mr. Wright.
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.
Did you just combust?? Because you’re HOT!
Did you just come out of an oven? Because you're too hot to handle.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you’re hot.
Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Didn’t I do your sister?
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Didn’t You Wear That Yesterday?
Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.\
Do I know you? ‘Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend/boyfriend.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Do you believe in helping the homeless? [If yes] Take me home with you.
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I pass by again?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again?
Do you believe in love at first sight? Or should I walk past you again?
Do you believe in love at first sight—or should I walk by again?
Do you bleach your teeth? ‘Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let’s go prove it.
Do you drink Pepsi? Because you’re so-da-licious!
Do you have 11 protons? Because you’re sodium fine!
Do you have Instagram? My parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a BandAid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you have a band aid? Cause I scrapped my knees falling for you.
Do you have a map? Because i’m getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
Do you have a map? I keep getting lost in your eyes.
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Do you have a pair of gloves I can borrow? Because you’re too hot to handle.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
Do you have advanced radiation poisoning? Because you are glowing!
Do you have an inhaler? Because you took my breath away!
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Do you have any tacos on you? (No.) In that case, will you make out with me?
Do you have band-aid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you know CPR? Because you are taking my breath away!
Do you know if there are any police around? Cause I’m about to steal your heart.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin’.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material?
Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Do you know what’s on the menu? Me-n-u.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda one for me.
Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!
Do you like blueberries or strawberries, ’cause I want to know what kind of pancakes to order in the morning.
Do you like jewels? (Yes.) Suck my dick, it’s a gem.
Do you like raisins? How do you feel about a date?
Do you like science? Because i’ve got my ion you.
Do you like soda? Because I’d mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Do you like star wars? Because yoda only one for me!
Do you like to be numerator or denominator?
Do you play soccer? Because you’re a keeper!
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that’s right, we’ve only met in my dreams.
Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
Do you think we can make it a step more serious and disable network sharing?
Do you wanna make your mom happy? make her my mother-in-law 💕
Do you work at Mcdonalds cause i’m lovin it.
Do your legs hurt? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day.
Do you’ve a map? I just got lost in your eyes.
Do you’ve an inhaler? You took my breath away.
Draw a line on a napkin and hand it to her. (She will ask ” What is it?”) A pickup line!
Emphysema puffs pink, chronic bronchitis makes you blue, but no COPD makes me as breathless as you.
Eureka! I just discovered eight Wonder of World.
Even if there wasn’t any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, your’e still shining like one.
Even though there aren’t any stars out tonight, you’re still shining like one
Excuse me,
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
Excuse me, I seem to have lost my heart. I think you must have it.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
Excuse me. I’m from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I’m going to have to ask you to assume the position.
Falling for you would be a very short trip.
Feel my shirt. Know what it’s made of? Boyfriend material.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I’ll be Yourman.
Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
Girl you so fine I wish I could plant you and grow a whole feild of y’all!
Girl you so hot, if you had to enter Antarctica you’d cause a melt down.
Girl, are those space pants? Cause your butt is out of this world!
Girl, if I were a fly, I’d be all over you, because you’re the shit!
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
Girls are sexy, guys are fine I’ll be your six if you’ll be my nine!
Give her 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and say “I will stop loving you, when all the roses die”
Give me a bottle of wine and ill make you mine.
Go ahead, feel my shirt. It's made of boyfriend material!
Go between two black girls and say “Let’s make an Orio!”
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me!
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn’t ask you how you looked!
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
Help! I’ve fallen for you and I can’t get up!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is just one from you.
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I’m asking for is one from you.
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What’s wrong, don’t you like pizza?
Hey baby you’re so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what’s your name?
Hey baby, are you like Sprite because you make me want to obey my thirst.
Hey baby, can I see what’s under your radical?
Hey baby, what’s your tanx cosx?
Hey baby, you've got something on your face - my eyes!
Hey baby. Why don’t you come sit on my lap and we can talk about the first thing that pops up?
Hey beautiful, my doctor says that I'm lacking Vitamin U.
Hey girl, are you exercise? Because you’re breathtaking.
Hey girl, are you murderer? Because your looks can kill.
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Hey girl, do you love water? That means you love 80% of me.
Hey girl, see my sweater? Do you know what it's made of? Boyfriend material.
Hey girl. You're very good at algebra. Can you replace my X without asking Y?
Hey how many boyfriends have you had? (Like 10 I Think) Could I Make That 11?
Hey you should not wear make up. It's messing with the perfection.
Hey, I didnt know angels flew so low.
Hey, I’m new in town.
Hey, are those jeans? Cuz they’re blue!!
Hey, don’t I know you? Yeah, you’re the girl with the beautiful smile.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Hey, how was heaven when you left it?
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hey, my name's Microsft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
Hi, I'm writing a book on the finer things of life and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Hi, how was heaven when you left it?
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
How can I plan our wedding without having your number?
How can other people love when I'm using the world's supply on you?
How come you are not on the top of the christmas tree? I thought that's where stars belonged.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh… you just look hot to me.
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m..
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
How was heaven when you left it?
I always thought happiness started with an 'H' but it looks like it starts with 'U.'
I am a dentist. I fix broken smiles.
I am going to complain to Spotify about you not being this weeks hottest single.
I am learning important dates in History? When is your birthday?
I am not flirting. I am just extra nice to someone extra beautiful.
I bet I can kiss you on the lips without touching you. (kiss her) oh.. seems like I lost the bet.
I bet my number sounds nicer than yours. Wanna hear it?
I can't tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.
I could use some spare change and you’re a dime.
I didn't even have to run to catch these butterflies.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I didn’t mean to stare at you , but trying not to stare at you is giving me a squint .
I didn’t plan on specializing, but you seem pretty special to me.
I don't believe in love at first sight but I am willing to make an exception in your case.
I don't normally chase people but for you I'd put my crocs in sport mode.
I don’t believe in love at first sight, but I’m willing to make an exception in your case
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I don’t know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already.
I don’t really believe in love at first sight, until I saw you.
I get all Kluver-Bucy around you.
I googled your name earlier... I clicked on 'I'm Feeling Lucky.'
I had a good pickup line ready to go, but you're so good-looking I'm literally speechless.
I have a phone number, you have a phone number—think of the possibilities.
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I have to say “Hi” to the prettiest girl in the room… Can you help me say “Hi” to that girl over there?
I have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)
I heard you're sin because you're always on top when we make tangent
I heard you're sin because you're always on top when we make tangent.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
I hope someday to be your emergency contact.
I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
I hope you know first aid, because you are taking my breath away.
I hope you like dragons, because I’ll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
I hope you’re not a vegetarian, because I’d love to meat you.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness
I just wanna let you know how beautiful you are and was wondering if you could buy me a drink?
I just want to swab you up and down, then left and right, until we’re both afebrile.
I just want you to know that when I picture myself happy, it's with you.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are.
I just went to a fireworks shop and asked for their biggest bomb. they gave me a picture of you.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren’t so shy, I’d tell you who.
I know where they give out free drinks. [Where?] My House!
I know you’re busy today but can you add me to your to-do list?
I less than three you….. (i < 3 you)
I lost my rubber duckie. Would you bathe with me instead?
I lost my teddy bear can i sleep with you tonight?
I love you with all my circle, not my heart. Because hearts break, but circles go on forever.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
I may not be good at dancing but i can tangle with with you all night long.
I may not be what you want, but I am what you need.
I might be ugly but I’ll treat you right!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you’re hot as hell.
I must be in a museum because I am looking at work of art.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
I must be in heaven because I’m looking at an angel!
I must be lost
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I need U to complete the spelling of my future.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
I need you the way a drowning man needs air.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I’m taken.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I should call you Google, because you have everything I’m looking for.
I should charge you rent for all the time you spend in my mind.
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
I think I am suffering from a lack of Vitamin-U.
I think I should take your temperature , you look hot .
I think my heart just lagged.
I think the gap between my fingers were meant for yours.
I think the gaps between my fingers were meant for yours.
I think there's something wrong with my phone. Could you call it and see if it works?
I think there’s something wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
I think we've met before. Actually, never mind—I think it was just in my dreams.
I think you are synonym for beautiful.
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
I thought Happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with you.
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
I used to be a Gambler, but then I realized that all I needed was the Queen of my Heart
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I want to our love to be like pi, irrational and never ending.
I want to write a poem on your body with my lips
I was blinded by your beauty; I’m going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Because mine was just stolen!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Because mine was just stolen.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I’m close I see heaven in your eyes.
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
I wish I was your coronary artery , because I wanna be wrapped around your heart
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
I wish I were adenine because then I could get paired with U.
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.
I wish I were your second derivative so I could fill your concavities.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I would buy you a drink, but I’ll be jealous of the glass.
I would take you to the movies but they don’t allow snacks
I wrote your name in the sky; a cloud removed that. I wrote your name in the sand; the wind blew that away. I wrote your name in my heart; nothing can remove that.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
I'd like to take you to the movies but they don't let you bring your own snacks in.
I'd switch to emacs for you.
I'll be yours forever. Just tell me when to start.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
I'm in the mood for pizza. A pizza you, that is!
I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
I'm no electrician but I can light up your day.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
I'm not a photographer but I can picture you and me together.
I'm not even playing cards but somehow I pulled a Queen.
I'm not very good at math but I can give you the value you deserve.
I'm sorry - I don't know your name. Can I just call you mine?
I've got all these forks and knives all I need is a little spoon.
ICU in my dreams.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.
If God made anything more perfect than you, he must have kept it to himself.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put ‘U’ and ‘I’ together.
If I could rearrange the alphabets, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If I had 4 quarters to give to the 4 prettiest girls in the world, you would have a dollar.
If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I’d have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
If I had a rose for everytime I thought of you, I’d be walking through my garden forever.
If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest women in the world, you would have a dollar!
If I had to chose between breathing and loving you. I would use my last breath to tell you that I love you.
If I had to rate you out of 10 I’d rate you a 9… because I am the one that you are missing!
If I move my lips half the distance to yours… and then half  again… and again… etc…. would they ever meet? no? Well in this specific  case I am going to disprove your assumption.
If I move my lips half the distance to yours… and then half again… and again… etc…. would they ever meet? no? Well in this specific case I am going to disprove your assumption.
If I said you had a monoclonal antibody, would you hold it against me?
If I was a stoplight, everytime you came by I’d turn red, just to stare at you longer.
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
If I was an enzyme, I’d be helicase so I could unzip your genes.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for you﻿.
If I was sin^2 and you were cos^2 together we would be 1
If I were God, all of my angels would look like you.
If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone?
If I were a stop light, I’d turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
If I were an integral, I’d fill you up.
If I were the king, and you were the queen, in the cosmic game of chess, would you mate with me?
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
If I’d follow you home, would you keep me?
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don’t worry I told Santa I want you for Christmas!
If a star fell from the sky every time I thought about you, then tonight the sky would be empty.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
If it’s true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
If kisses were crowns you would be the queen of my heart
If kisses were snowflakes, I
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard.
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If my right leg was Christmas and my left was Easter, would you like to spend some time between the holidays?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
If the world was made out of chicken, you would be a hot wing.
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
If women were trophies, you’d be first place!
If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair.
If you ever have to write a love letter to me, let your lips be the pen and my skin be the paper.
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If you stood in front of the mirror and held up eleven red roses you would see twelve of the most beautiful things you could ever see.
If you were a Transformer you'd be Optimus Fine!
If you were a Transformer… you’d be Optimus Fine.
If you were a Youtube ad I wouldn’t skip.
If you were a basketball, I’d never shoot. [Why?] Because I’d always miss you.
If you were a booger I would pick you first.
If you were a burger at McDonald's, you'd be named the McGorgeous!
If you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be the McGorgeous.
If you were a chicken, you’d be impeccable.
If you were a drug I would overdose.
If you were a flower you’d be a damnnndelion
If you were a potato you’d be a sweet one.
If you were a sea i would swim in you forever.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
If you were a tear drop I would never cry for fear of losing you.
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
If you were a triangle you'd be an acute one.
If you were a triangle you’d be acute one.
If you were a triangle, you’d be acute one.
If you were a tweet, you would be my favorite.
If you were a vegetable you’d be a Cutecumber.
If you were a vegetable, you’d be a CUTEcumber.
If you were a vegetable,you’d be cutecumber.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
If you were ground coffee, you’d be Espresso cause you’re so fine.
If you were my homework, i’d do you everyday.
If you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
In a field full of flowers, you are a perfect rose.
In my fever,can you be my paracetamol???
Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You’re A Blessing
Is it hot here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
Is that a ladder in your stockings or the stairway to heaven?
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I’ve been searching for!
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?
Is this the Hogwarts Express? Because it feels like you and I are headed somewhere magical.
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m loving it!
Is your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout!
Is your dad a jewel thief? because you’re a real jem.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you’re the bomb.
Is your dad an art thief? Because you’re a masterpiece.
Is your dad retarded? Because you’re special
Is your face Mcdonalds? Cause im lovin it!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
Is your name Daniel? Cause DAMN!
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Is your name Jimmy? Because I've Fallon for you.
Is your name Summer? ‘Cause you are as hot as hell.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Is your name dunkin? Because i donut want to spend another day without you.
Is your name google? Cause you've got everything I'm looking for ;)
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
It doesn't take a genius to see how gorgeous you are, but if it did, I would be overqualified.
It doesn’t take a genius to see how gorgeous you are, but if it did, I would be overqualified.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
It’s a good thing I have my library card because I am totally checking you out.
It’s a new world order. Have your way with me.
It’s dark in here. Wait! It’s because all of the light is shining on you.
It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
It’s not the size of the boat. It’s the motion of the ocean.
I’d never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find
I’d say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I’ll be Burger King and you be McDonald’s. I’ll have it my way, and you’ll be lovin’ it.
I’m Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
I’m a fermata… hold me
I’m afraid of the dark… Will you sleep with me tonight?
I’m attracted to you so strongly, scientists will have to develop a fifth fundamental force.
I’m easy. Are you?
I’m feeling a little bit off today, but you definitely turned me on.
I’m going to have to ask you to leave. You’re making the other girls look bad.
I’m hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
I’m in a Boyband called Wrong Direction.
I’m learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?
I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
I’m no electrician, but I can light up your day.
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.
I’m no photographer, but I can picture us together.
I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I’m trying so hard not to kiss you right now.
I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
I’ve got a big nose, big hands, and really big feet. That’s right, I’m a clown.
I’ve got an alarm clock that makes the best sound in the morning. Would you like to come and hear it?
Just smile if I am wrong. But dinosaurs still exist right?
Just where do those legs of yours end?
Kanye feel the love tonight?
Keep an eye out for elves with ropes and a blindfold! Why? Cause I asked Santa for you this Christmas
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kiss me if I’m wrong but dinosaurs still exist right?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Kissing is a language of love….so how about a conversation?
Knock knock who’s there? Baby Yoda. Baby Yoda who? Baby Yoda one for me!
Know what's on Menu? Me-n-U.
Let me guess, your middle name is Gillette, right? Because you're the best a man can get!
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
Let's flip a coin, if its head you are mine, tail I am yours.
Let’s commit the perfect crime: I’ll steal you’re heart, and you’ll steal mine.
Let’s discover our coefficient of friction
Let’s exchange genetic information!
Let’s get together and test the spring potential of my mattress
Let’s go to my place and do the things I’ll tell everyone we did anyway.
Let’s have breakfast together tomorrow; shall I call you or nudge you?
Let’s make like a fabric softener and ‘Snuggle
Let’s make out so I can see if you taste as good as you look!
Let’s meet somewhere… you bring your beaker and I’ll bring my stirring rod
Let’s play a game, winner dates loser.
Let’s play a game. Winner dates Loser.
Let’s play hockey. I”ll be the net, and you can score.
Life without you is like a broken pencil…pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.
Like Motel 6, I’ll leave the light on for you.
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Love is a sensation; caused by a temptation; to feel penetration; a guy sticks his location; in a girl’s destination; to increase the population; for the next generation; did you get my explanation; or do you need a demonstration?
Mario is red, Sonic is blue, will you be my player 2?
Masha Allah(Allah has willed) , I can see Allah has given you everything, except my number.
May I end this sentence with a proposition?
May I flirt with you?
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Mmmm, you bring new meaning to the word “edible”.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going… I just need eye contact from you.
Most people call me (your name), but you can call me tomorrow!
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I’d rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Most people like to watch the Superbowl cuz it only happens once a year, but Id rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone like you only happens once in a lifetime
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
My attraction to you is an inversed square law.
My bedroom has a very interesting ceiling.
My bologna has a first name…
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the hottest guy in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
My doctor says i’m lacking Vitamin U
My eyes met many eyes but only got lost in yours.
My friend thinks you’re kinda cute, but I don’t… I think you’re absolutely gorgeous!
My friends bet I can’t talk to the prettiest girl. Wanna use their money to buy drinks?
My heart has turn on it's WiFi looking for strong connections.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
My love for you is like dividing by zero. It cannot be defined.
My love for you is like dividing by zero. It’s undefinable.
My love for you is like dividing by zero– it cannot be defined.
My love for you is like the energizer bunny, it keeps going and going….
My love for you is so strong it can’t be dialyzed.
My magical watch says you aren’t wearing any panties. Oh, you are? It must be an hour fast!
My mattress is a little hard. Would you like to help me break it in?
My mom thinks I`m gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
My name is Haywood. Haywood Jablome.
My name is [your here] but you can call me tonight!
My name isn’t Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
My name’s [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
My serotonin levels would take a fall , If I left this place without you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
My sudden cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I’m falling for you .
Nice Set of Floppies!
Nice hair, wanna mess it up?
Nice legs. At what time do they open?
Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are…gorgeous!
No pen, no paper but you still draw my attention.
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
Of all your beautiful curves, your smile is my favourite.
Oh my God! I think I love you! Now lay down!
Oh no, I’m choking! I need mouth to mouth, quick!
Oh, I’m sorry, I thought that was a Braille name tag.
Oh, yeah, [band name] is really great. . . I have all their rare stuff. You can come over to my place and tape it all if you want.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9…because I'm the 1 you need.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need.
On a scale of 1–10: You’re 9 and I’m the 1 you need.
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
Our love is like dividing by zero…. you cannot define it
Pardon me miss, I seem to have lost my phone number, could I borrow yours?
Pinch me. [Why?] You’re so fine I must be dreaming.
Please be my tea partner for whole life.
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me!
Please tell your tits to stop looking at my eyes.
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.Need me to unzip your files?
Roses are red and violets are blue there’s nothing in the world more prettier than you
Roses are red violets are blue I didn’t know what perfect was until I met you
Roses are red violets are blue, I can’t rhyme but can I date you?
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I’m around you, all I do is blush
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
Roses are red, my face is too.. that only happens when I see you.
Roses are red, violets are blue (touch her gently) I have herpes, and now you too.
Roses are red, violets are blue – there’s nothing in this world prettier than you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, Antarctica is hot compared to you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I’m not that pretty but damn look at you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, it would be a shame if I couldn’t date you!
Roses are red, violets are blue, lava is hot and so are you.
Save water, shower with a friend!
Say, that’s a nice dress, can I talk you out of it?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute.
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
She: I’m in a relationship | You: Let’s talk about how we can get you out of that.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
So what haven’t you been told tonight?
So, I see you eat with utensils. Well, I’ve got one that I’m just dying to put in your drawers.
So, Ramadan is almost here and I still dont have a date, Will you be mine?
So, come back to my place, and if you don’t like it I swear I’ll give you a full refund.
So, you must be the reason men fall in love.
Somebody better call God, because he’s missing an angel.
Somebody better call God, cuz heaven’s missing an angel!
Somebody call the cops, because its got to be illegal to look that good!
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Somebody needs to call the bomb squad, because you’re the bomb!
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
Something’s wrong with my eyes because I can’t take them off you.
Sorry I forgot your name. Can I call you mine?
Sorry, I can’t hold on… I’ve already fallen for you.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Spoon me like your favorite ice cream!
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
That dress looks great on you
The drink: $6. The room: $100. The night with you?: Priceless.
The only flaw in your entire body is your lips - they're not touching mine.
The only thing your eyes haven’t told me is your name.
The way you talk to me leaves me aphasic.
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you’re the only one I’d like to mount.
There are so many types of art but you are my favorite.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
There isn’t a word in the dictionary to describe how beautiful you are.
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.
There’s only one thing I want to change about you. Your last name.
They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.
They say a girls best friend are her legs. But even the best of friends sometimes have to part.
They say honesty is the best policy, so I have to tell you that you're the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
They say nothing lasts forever. Want to be my nothing?
This is the one I like “You are the fit nah (temptation) I want in my life!”
This is the police! You’re under arrest for being too cute, now put your hands where i can hold them.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
This must be a museum because you're a work of art.
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Tickle your pussy with a feather? (What?) I said, “Particularly nice weather.”
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo.
Trust me, I'm not drunk—I'm just intoxicated by you.
Vogue just called, they want to put you on the cover.
Wanna be Minecraft without the craft?
Wanna go study some anatomy?
Wanna grab a coffee because i like you a latte!
Want a raisin? No? How about a date?
Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.
Want to know what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me.
Want to meet up so I can excite your natural frequency?
Want to play lion? (She asks, “What’s that?”) That’s where you get down on all fours and growl like a lion while I feed you the meat!
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
Want to see my Red Hat?
Was that an Earthquake? Or did you just rock my world?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your Dad a baker? Because you’ve got a nice set of buns.
Was your Dad in the Air Force? Because you’re da bomb.
Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!
Was your dad a farmer? Cause you sure have great melons.
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Was your father a welder? No, why? Because those sure are acetylene tits!
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?
Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?
Were do you hide your wings?
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
We’re not socks, but I think we’d make a great pair.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pickup line.
What do you say we go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply
What do you say we play a game of "Words With More Than Friends?"
What do you want for Christmas? A date with you!
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What is it like to be the most gorgeous person in this room?
What is your favorite color? [Color] Mine too! Seems like we are soulmates.
What size shoe you wear babygirl? I’m gonna guess size sexy!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
What’s that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it’s not coming off!
What’s the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don’t have a Ferrari.
What’s your sine? It must be pi/2 because you’re the 1
When God made you he was showing off.
When God made you, he was showing off.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world in which I want to be.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
When I see your face, there is not a thing that I would change, cause you are amazing just like the way you are.
When I think of you I smile, and when I smile I think of you. I don't know if it's the thinking that makes me smile or the smile that keeps me thinking. All I know is I'm always thinking of you and smiling.
When I was walking by, I noticed you stalking so.. what’s up?
When I’m older, I’ll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I’ll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
When my atom gets bonded with your atom, it makes chemistry.
When we’re in the same room I get Graves Disease, my hand starts to shake, my heart races and I can’t stop staring .
When you and me get together it’s like superposition of 2 waves in phase.
Where do you hide your wings?
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why would I want to look at the stars when I can look in your eyes?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the ‘d’ cause you’ll get that later!
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren!
Would you fix my cracked lips with your prolonged kiss???
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
Would you mind giving me a pinch? You're so cute, I must be dreaming.
Wouldn't it be the perfect crime if I stole your heart and you stole mine?
You MUST have a nice personality.
You Sexy, You Fine. I Really Wanna Make You Mine.
You are almost as hot as my mom.
You are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
You are like KFC and I am like Mc Donalds. You are so goood and I am lovin' it.
You are line a criminal because you stole my heart.
You are my compass. Without you I'm lost.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
You are so beautiful, you made me to forget my pick up line.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
You are that “nothing” when people ask me what I am thinking about.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
You are the reason that men fall in love.
You auto-complete me.
You burn the fire inside me;and set me free. Is this how you want to tease???
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You can’t be my first, but you can be my last
You can’t be my first, but you could be my next.
You defragment my life.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
You don’t need makeup… you need plastic surgery.
You dropped something! What? (Point at the ground) Your standards.
You dropped something! [What?] Your smile
You get my heart racing like an epinephrine drip.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
You had me at "Hello World."
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
You have nicer legs than an Isosceles right triangle.
You have to attend my wedding when I get married because the wedding can’t go on without the bride.
You know how I got these guns? [Point to biceps] Lifting children out of poverty.
You know how else your hair would look really good? In my lap.
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My Arms.
You know what’s beautiful? Read the first word.
You know what’s on the menu? ME-N-U
You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?
You know, I wanna go inside your wine cabinet and pull myself out a stiff one.
You know, I'm actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?
You know, sweetie, my lips won’t just kiss themselves…
You know.. it’s not the length of the vector that counts… it’s how you apply the force
You like maths? Cause I want to ADD to you my life, SUBTRACT your clothes, DIVIDE your legs and MULTIPLY ourselves.
You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime.
You look alot like my next boyfriend.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
You look exactly like my future ex-wife.
You look familiar, didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.
You look ill. You must be suffering form a lack of Vitamin ME.
You look like my mom!
You look so fine I could drink your bath water!
You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers.
You make me wish I weren’t gay!
You make my software turn into hardware!
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… is in love with me.
You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
You must be Jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
You must be a keyboard because you’re just my type.
You must be a talented thief because you managed to steal my heart from all the way over here.
You must be auxin, cause you are causing me to have rapid stem elongation.
You must be magician,cause whenever I look at you everything just disappears.
You must be my coronary artery because you’re wrapped around my heart.
You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You raise my dopamine levels.
You really shouldn’t wear makeup. You’re messing with perfection!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
You remind me of an overdue library book, cause you got Fine written all over you.
You remind me of the 21 letters in the Alphabet (She: there 26 letters) Oh I forgot the U R A Q T
You say, “So, did you here the one about the guy and the girl who had the most sexual relationship?” The reply, “No”. You respond, “Well then, let’s go to my place and I’ll tell you all about it.”
You should see my imagination, then you'll know how neatly you made me fall for you.
You should stop drinking! (Why?) Because you are driving me home.
You so lovely, you make me wanna go out and get a job
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
You totally spiked my traffic.
You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
You wanna know what’s big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!
You wanna know what’s the best thing in my life? It’s the first word of this sentence.
You're eyes are like the sunset. Beautiful, inspiring... and hard to turn away from.
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pick up line.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Your Face [Pause] I like that shit!
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
Your body is 75% water, and I’m thirsty.
Your daddy must be a drug dealer, cuz you’re dope.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.
Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic ocean. And I don't mind being lost at sea!
Your eyes are so beautiful I just keep getting lost.
Your force of attraction is very strong,it keeps me dragging to you.
Your hand looks heavy can i hold it for you?
Your hand looks heavy, can I hold it for you?
Your hand looks heavy, can i hold it for you?
Your hands look heavy, let me hold it for you.
Your hands look tired. Can I hold it for you?
Your homepage or mine?
Your kisses turn me on like a switch on the wire.
Your lips look lonely would they like to meet mine?
Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?
Your lips were the drugs I couldn't help but get addicted to.
Your lungs must be fucked up cos you’re smokin’ hot!
Your mom must be chicken cause you look eggcellent!
Your mom told me to say “Hi” to you
Your mouth was a gun but baby ,I wasn't bulletproof.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I’ll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Your smile lit up the room, so I just had to come over.
Your so cute its distracting
You’d be so much more cute if you had my money. [whatever she replies] Sorry I don’t date gold diggers!
You’d better be a cardiologist, because something about you makes me want to give you my heart.
You’re That “Nothing” When People Ask Me What I’m Thinking About.
You’re like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
You’re like an exothermic reaction, you spread your hotness everywhere!
You’re like my own personal brand of heroin.
You’re pretty. I’m pretty. Let’s go back to my place and stare at each other for a while.
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract. (Muscles that make you smile)
You’re systemic and I’m pulmonary. Though we may be divided, together we are one.
You’re the sinoatrial node of my heart. Without you, even a defibrillator won’t save me.
You’re the type of boy I’d make a sandwich for.
You’re under arrest for disturbing the peace in my pants!
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, “What are you doing?” You respond: “Yep! Made in heaven!”
[Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
are you Ariel? cause we mermaid for each other.
are you a phone charger? cause without you i’d die.
are your hands feeling heavy? cause i can hold them for you.
boy is your name nature cuz i'm your lover.
do you have a name? or can i just call you mine?
do you have a pencil? cause i want to erase your past,and write our future.
does your left eye hurts? because you’ve been looking right all day.
even if there wasn’t any gravity,i’d still fall for you.
her: i have a boyfriend me: i have a math test her: what? me: i thought we were naming things we were going to cheat on
hey girl, are you a cop? cos you are probably not here for me, but i will act nervous anyway.
i cant remember my number,can i have yours?
i lost my teddy bear,can i sleep with you instead?
i must be in a museum,cause truly you are a work of art.
if beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
if nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
if we were both squirrels,i’d store my nuts in your hole.
if you were a burger at McDonald’s you’d be McGorgeous.
im not a cigarette but you can light me up any time.
is your name nobody? cause Hannah said ‘nobodys perfect’.
my favorite letters in the alphabet are U R A Q T.
on a rate from 1–10,you’re a 9 cause im the 1 you need.
wanna go on a ate with me? i’ll give you the D later.
you must be a keyboard,cause you’re just my type.
your lips look lonely,would they like to meet mine?
“Are you a bee? ’Cause hive got a problem with them.”
“Are you a goose? ‘Cause that dress is fowl.”
“Are you an amputee? ’Cause you look like you need a hand.”
“Forget Taj Mahal, You are the kind of guy, I will build a mosque for”
“Hey are you opposite over hypotenuse? ’Cause you make me want to sin.”
“Hey, are you a brief record, especially one written down to aid the memory? Because I’m note in the mood for any antics.”
“I broke up with some Parmesan recently. Don’t worry, cheese not as pretty as you.”
“I have a boy-friend” – Well, let me know when you’re ready to upgrade to a man!
“I have a boyfriend” – Well you look like the kind of girl who could use two
“Justin over there in the corner was saying you looked pretty. You can laugh, but it’s Trudeau.”
“You might look a bit purple in the face, it’s true, but believe me; you look raddish-ing.”
⚾ Sorry I hit my Ball into Your Dms
